Q1) What is Emmet?
Emmet is a set of plug-ins for text editors that allow for high-speed coding and editing. Emmet uses different       abbreviations and short expressions depending on what's passed, and then dynamically converts the abbreviations into the full code. Emmet is mostly used for HTML, XML, and CSS, but it can also be used with programming languages.

Q2) Difference between a Library and Framework?
The main distinction between a framework and a library is that a framework inverts program control. It informs the developer of what they require. A library, however, does not. Instead, a programmer calls the library when and where he needs it.

Q3) What is CDN? Why do we use it?
A content delivery network (CDN) refers to a geographically distributed group of servers which work together to provide fast delivery of Internet content. A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading Internet content including HTML pages, javascript files, stylesheets, images, and videos.

Q4) Why is React known as React?
React is named React because of its ability to react to changes in data. When the data in a React component changes, React will automatically re-render the component so that it reflects the new data. This makes it easy to create performant user interfaces that always look up-to-date.

Q5) What is crossorigin in script tag?
Crossorigin in script tag enables a better error handling experience in React 16 and later.

Q6) What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
React is a javascript library for building UI. ReactDOM library is responsible to actually render UI in the browser.

Q7) What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Development mode includes useful warnings and gives you access to tools that make development and debugging easier. Production mode minifies your code and better represents the performance your app will have on end users' devices.

Q8) What is async and defer?
Async allows your script to run as soon as it's loaded, without blocking other elements on the page. Defer means your script will only execute after the page has finished loading.